ASP .NET practical list
BE CE VII
Government Engineering College, Modasa

1.	Create a program to demonstrate view state and post back using HTML control and Web server control.
2.	Create a Hello World program using following three ways
a.	Inline code  (Code and Presentation in same page)
b.	Code-behind
c.	Compiled code behind
3.	Create a program to demonstrate various Page life cycle events.
4.	Create a program to demonstrate various events in Global.asax
5.	Create a program to demonstrate EventArgs.
6.	Create a registration form with fields like name, email, phoneno, address, age, gender, password, re-type password etc. Use Validation Controls
Validations are as below.
Name (required)
Password and re-type password (must match)
Email (@ and . must)

7.	Create a program to demonstrate concept of user control.
8.	Crete a program to demonstrate Master pages and content pages
9.	Create a program to demonstrate Themes.
10.	Create a program to change theme dynamically.
11.	Create a program which use cookies to maintain stat information
Set life time of cookie, Set cookie persistent
12.	State management with Session. 
Give details steps to implement each type of state management. Like In-process, Off, State server, SQL server. Give suitable programs also.
13.	Demonstrate use of various Session object properties and methods.
14.	Demonstrate the use of Profiles in ASP .NET
15.	Write a program to create registration form of program 6 and save/ edit /delete /search values from database. (Use connected database access)
16.	Write a program to create registration form of program 6 and save/ edit /delete /search values from database. (Use disconnected database access)
17.	Write a program to create web service.
18.	Write three types of client programs to invoke web service. (console based, desktop application based and web application based)
 
 ASP.NET 
Assignment 1

1.	Write notes on following.
i.  PostBack
ii. View State
iii. Code Behind
iv. Compiled Code Behind
2.	What is the use of runat=”server” attribute of various server controls in ASP .NET
3. 	Give difference between normal HTML controls and ASP.NET Server Controls.
4.	Explain AdRotator server control in detail.
5. 	Explain about syntax of various validation controls.
6.	Explain Regular expression validator and Custom validator with proper examples.
7.	Explain ASP .NET page life cycle. Also discuss about isValid and isPostBack properties of Page.
8.	Write a note on cookies for state management. Explain various properties of cookies.
9.	Explain Session state management. Give differences between various modes of session like NONE, in-process, state server and SQL server mode.
10.	What is application state? Explain with example.
11.	List and explain various configuration sections of web.config file.
12.	Write notes on following.
i.	Master pages
ii.	User controls
iii.	Themes, Skin and CSS
iv.	Managed provider in ADO.NET
13. 	Give differences between connected and disconnected data access.
14. 	Explain important namespaces and classes of ADO .NET
15. 	Explain various data bound controls with syntax.
17.	What is web service? Write and explain steps to create and consume web service with proper example.
16.	Write notes on following
i.	UDDI
ii.	WPF and WCF
iii.	AJAX
iv.	Silver light
